Add notes on accessing `airflow.cfg` locally, tidy `.env` docs (#861)
astronomer/docs: astro/environment-variables.md

On Astro, environment variables are applied and overridden in the following order:

1. Cloud UI
2. [.env (local development only)](develop-project.md#set-environment-variables-local-development))
3. Dockerfile
4. Default Airflow values

> For example, if you set `AIRFLOW__CORE__PARALLELISM` with one value via the Cloud UI and you set the same environment variable with another value in your `Dockerfile`, the value set in the Cloud UI will take precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you set `AIRFLOW__CORE__PARALLELISM` with one value in the Cloud UI and you set the same environment variable with another value in your `Dockerfile`, the value set in the Cloud UI takes precedence.
```
